added all changes and new features to documentation for Nov 2022 (#657)
VKCOM/kphp: docs/kphp-language/howto-by-kphp/colored-functions.md

Historically, this concept was invented for KPHP, but later exposed as a separate project named [nocolor]({{site.url_github_nocolor}}).

Colored functions are of course still embedded into KPHP, but for documentation, we'll refer you here:

<a href="{{ site.url_github_nocolor }}/blob/master/docs/introducing_colors.md" class="btn-github-page" target="_blank">
  <span class="icon icon-github"></span>
  <span>Visit "Introducing colored functions" page</span>
</a>

## Differences between KPHP's implementation and nocolor

1. `@kphp-color` instead of `@color`
2. Max 64 unique colors per project (KPHP stores them in a bitmask, not a string list)
3. Instead of `palette.yaml`, you declare the palette in PHP, in the `KphpConfiguration` class

```php
// a separate file KphpConfiguration.php
class KphpConfiguration {
  const FUNCTION_PALETTE = [
    [
      'highload no-highload' => "Don't call a no-highload function from a highload one",
      'highload allow-no-highload no-highload' => 1,
    ],
    [
      'ssr rpc' => "Don't perform rpc queries from SSR: pass already prepared data",
      'ssr ssr-allow-rpc rpc' => 1,
    ]
  ];
}
```

## A demo project with colored functions

> Save [this folder from kphp-snippets](https://github.com/VKCOM/kphp-snippets/tree/master/colored-demo) somewhere. Execute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save [this folder from kphp-snippets]({{site.url_github_kphp_snippets}}/tree/master/colored-demo) somewhere. Execute
```

Author: +
